Support escaping snippet spaces (#2223)
knausj85/knausj_talon: core/snippets/README.md

## Format

- A `.snippet` file can contain multiple snippet documents separated by `---`.
- Each snippet document has a context and body separated by `-`.
- Optionally a file can have a single context at the top with no body. This is not a snippet in itself, but default values to be inherited by the other snippet documents in the same file.
- Some context keys support multiple values. These values are separated by `|`.
  - For most keys like `language` or `phrase` multiple values means _or_. You can use phrase _1_ or phrase _2_. The snippet is active in language _A_ or language _B_.
  - For `insertionFormatter` multiple values means that the formatters will be applied in sequence.

> - Snippet bodies without tab characters use leading white space as indentation. In this case, the smallest leading sequence of whitespace characters from a snippet body's lines represents a single level of indentation. You must therefore escape leading spaces to treat them as literal spaces in a snippet body that has no tab characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Snippet bodies without tab characters use leading space character(s) as indentation. In this case, the shortest sequence of space character(s) at the beginning of one of a snippet body's lines represents a single level of indentation. You must therefore escape leading spaces to treat them as literal spaces in a snippet body that has no tab characters.
```

- You can escape a space, a line consisting entirely of `---`, or a backslash by putting a backslash before it.

> - A snippet body cannot have the unicode character `"\u0000"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A snippet body cannot have the Unicode character `"\u0000"`.
```
